Reflection 01
How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?
viewing two different versions of the codes helps spot the additional code added to the program and changes that were done to previous code.
The typo error is easy to spot like this, but this may not help spotting logical errors, will need to discover more if they do help.
To find the difference between two files on windows, i used file compare command like FC filename-old filename-new.

Reflection 02

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?
An easy access to entire history of a file helps you understand what all ideas we have tried in our
code and how do they perform, its easy to mix and match certain ideas and create new ideas of implementation. 
It also helps understanding the concept in a better way.

Reflection 03
What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, 
vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?
Having versions automatically saved will result in creating lot of versions of a single file for any small or big changes 
and will result in clutter. While choosing manually when to commit is a good option if we keep changes logically
separated.

Reflection 04
Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit,
while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
The version control systems that allow saving multiple files in one commit are termed as repositories, they have features to
commit changes in different files at once while others like google docs dont have these features, they are build this way
to treat each file separately.

Reflection 05

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
git log command is used to see the list of commits done to the files and what are the changes done in each commit.
while git diff is used to compare two different commits using their ID to see what lines of code were added or removed.

Reflection 06

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
version control seems pretty amazing way of making changes, it keeps track of every deletion and addition that we can make in
the program code, if sometime we end up making incorrect changes, we can always revert back to a previous commit.

Reflection 07

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
I would prefer using git for any and all kinds of applications i work on to keep a track of my ideas without the
fear of breaking the code.